

	Backup Software Checks:
	
	1. If the folder/file is not in the backup drive, copy it to the drive
	2. If the folder/file is in the backup drive, check:
		2.1 If the size of the folder/file is not the same do this
			2.1.1 Iterate over the files and check if the file size and data has changed if they did, replace the files
	
	
	3. Add option for the user to decide if he wants to delete files that exist only in the backup folder
		3.1 Iterate over all the files in dest
			3.1.1 If the file in dest does not exist in source delete it
			3.1.2 If the folder is empty after the 3.1.1 delete it
	4. When pressing start backup open a window log that will show to file that been replaced ...
	
	5. Add a scrollable list the will have the folders and files names with checkbox near them and all the check ones will be backed up
		otherwise they won't
	
	Todo:

	1. Comment the code
	2. Refactor the code (move helper functions to separate class?)
	3. Add log
	7. Implement the effect of selecting button in the menu
	8. How can I get the data form another usercontrol
	9. Option to stop backup
	10. Most of the names are bad
	
	Bugs/Fixes:
	
	1. Fix the case when the user is adding a parent folder and then all the sub-folder are going to be removed, a messagebox is poping up
	2. Handle the case when a file is been used by another process
	3. Backup drive needs to be checked for forward slashes for linux compatability
	
	Aesthetics:
	
	------2. Edit the style of the window buttons and for the regular buttons
	------3. Add some basic icon
	4. Add global fonts to all of the program
	5. when loading page make a fading effect like in ESET https://youtu.be/UZSFY8YdSrA?t=359
	6. Make a page style for all the pages
	
	Things to understand better:
	1. Ninject
	2. StoryBoard
	3. Templates
	4. Converters
	5. UserControls
	6. Fody weavers
	
	Backup page
	
		1. Make costum buttons - Low Priority
		4. In the header add the start time and end time - Medium Priority
		6. Make the progress sync with the results from DisplayBackup page - Medium Priority
		7. When the backup is successful display done icon - Low Priority
		
	DisplayBackup Page
	
		1. Add spinning icon, after the backup is finished show the V icon ( Attached dependencies) - Low Priority
		3. Improve the algorithm? So it would be more responsive when showing the status - Low Priority
		4. Figure out how to make the delete prev content work - Medium Priority
		5. Change the back to backup page button to some icon in the top left edge - Low Priority
		6. Handle the case when going back to backup page the backup won't run - High Priority